It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong, you're watching
the China Show. I'm Annabelle Drooers
with David and Glas.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
opening markets in greater China. Our
top stories today, stocks across the
Asia-Pacific [music] are on the up,
tracking gains on Wall Street. You have
optimism driven uh by the tech sector
also. Sentiment improving as traders add
to bets for a December Fed rate cut.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and
President Trump speak on the phone amid
Beijing's ongoing diplomatic feud with
Japan over Taiwan. And Alibaba's going
to be in focus today. The tech giant
prepares to report earnings amid [music]
scrutiny over its AI investments and the
price war in the food delivery space.
Good morning. Welcome to the program.
We're looking at a rally across risk
assets [music] and as you can see it's
led by tech. We're up two and a half%.
Taiwan is coming online. Uh we're better
by about two and a half well 2.2% in the
opening minutes. Japan of course is
coming back online. It does help of
course about the growth related names
higher in duration when you look at the
rates conversation with the 2-year yield
coming back down in the US and the
pricing around the Fed which we'll get
into in a moment but effectively now at
the highest flip the page please. The
highest probability around the December
meeting since the last meeting. So we're
closer to 90% when you look at swaps.
We're closer to 80% Fed fund futures 3
and a half% we've taken it out to the
downside. That's about a one-mon low on
the 2-year yield. Gold futures are
pushing higher. Hence, we're looking at
some of the gold related names uh going
into the open today. Uh just a quick
note on dollar Taiwan. That one's also
been obviously on an uptrend amidst rate
cut conversations if it's going the
opposite way. That might be down to the
fact that you are getting you have been
getting outflows out of the tech space
in Korea and Taiwan. Clearly not the
case today. Watch it very closely.
14-day RSI and that is at about 84 last
I checked. highest since 2022, right?
The rally overnight golden dragon index
k you have Baba on your screens and
hersai which is really one of the big
gainers overnight and there is a fairly
hefty premium inai relative to uh where
you are in the eight shares. We'll get
into the Baba story in a moment. Best
90% year today on the share price. We
could get should be the first time
actually a trillion yuan on revenues
annually on Baba. earnings are coming
out today. Uh and very quickly futures
coming up A50 both dollar China the
10-year yields and just I think in the
last hour to the PBOC coming out here uh
with effectively more uh liquidity an
injection here about a trillion that's
nine straight months now Bill which we
can get to later but yes we are looking
at again the the underlying conditions
that have made this rally uh do quite
well which is obviously liquidity so
yeah
>> yeah liquidity and I think there's
there's something that's really spurred
a lot of investor appetite it's also the
Alibaba news that we had yesterday as
well because they've relaunched the the
Quen or the Qen family essentially and
then drawn a lot of downloads, a lot of
interest in this space as well and and
you've got those earnings coming up
today and I think that's going to be
really the key thing to watch is is the
cloud revenue growth and and what are
you seeing on that basis because the
numbers should be pretty strong and and
Morgan Stanley for instance is looking
at what we've seen not just in the
latest quarter where again you saw that
strong cloud revenue growth but going
back even over the last eight quarters.
So, it's the one to watch for today. But
I do did see the Bloomberg intelligence
team is notably more bearish than pretty
much anyone out there on the street and
they're saying that really don't
overstate it. Basically, you're
continuing to see, you know, it's
misplaced essentially margin pressures
continue to persist for this company.
>> Yeah, good old Robert Lee there.
[laughter]
>> Always ready to pour a bit of cold water
on on the optimism.
>> Well, he he likes to think of he he's
the anchor to reality is what he calls
it, right? So you have sentiment, you
have fundamentals and he
>> I do think you also want to know that
just like because we've had JD already
but Mtoan and Alibaba that's the trio
that have this big food price delivery
war and then war around quick commerce
as well. So of course we have seen that
having a bearing.
>> Oh food for thought. There we go. Uh so
key three themes right uh you have the
earning story you have this injection
coming through and of course you have uh
this phone call uh that we woke up to
this morning between Chinese President
Xi Jinping and US President uh Donald
Trump. Now speaking of geopolitics here
Japanese media excuse me [clears throat]
say that Prime Minister Sai Takahi and
President Trump are in fact set to hold
a phone call later. Uh it comes after of
course that phone call with his Chinese
counterpart Xi Jinping held their first
talk since agreeing to that tariff truce
last month. Trump says the call was very
good and it touched on issues such as
trade Ukraine. He also says he will
visit Beijing in April next year and
that he invited President Xi for a state
visit as well going into 2026. But I
think what was really interesting was
was that difference that you saw between
the Chinese side and also the White
House because the White House didn't or
the readout of the call didn't mention
Taiwan.
>> But at the same time, a Chinese foreign
ministry statement says she told Trump
to the return of Taiwan to China is a
key part of the postw World War II
international order.
>> Yeah. Well, let's get the so that's
that's those are the facts of the of the
case as you will as we present them in
courts for more context here and the
interpretation perhaps more importantly
for markets. Uh our senior Asia Pacific
geoeconomics analyst Adam Ferrar is with
us out of Washington. Adam good morning
from the Asia Pacific. Thanks for taking
the time sir. I mean let's why don't we
start with you know the potential risks
and and sort of make our way from that
point. What are those potential risks if
the dispute between in this part of the
world China and Japan continue to
escalate further? What's what what is
that sort of Beijing DC pre uh uh prism?
Uh when you look at that specific issue,
>> so I think there are lots of questions
right now as to whether this is going to
get worse. Uh, so far we've seen China
certainly expand pressure on Tokyo,
starting with pretty aggressive rhetoric
following Prime Minister Takichi's
comments on Taiwan on November 7th, but
also escalating now into moves to slow
the movement of tourists to China that
that bring over$1 13 billion a year into
the Japanese economy. There are reports
that Japanese media, particularly movies
and music performances, are being
postponed or cancelled. uh with China
being a major source of revenue for uh a
lot of Japanese media companies and then
of course you know we've seen lots of
rhetoric now from even the foreign
minister really pushing Japan to fully
retract what they see is is uh
statements that went too far on Taiwan
and that that they perceived as a
threat. But the real risk here is that
this escalates further. Japan relies on
China as a principal trading partner and
more importantly significantly on on
China's rare earths and critical
minerals which could devastate uh the
the advanced technology industry and
auto industry if they were to be pulled
back. But so far right now we're not
expecting we're not seeing the signs
that that China is looking to escalate
that far right now.
So then how do we interpret the call and
and importantly as well the readouts of
the call between Trump and she in the
context of of what's going on in Japan
and and between Japan and also China.
>> So I think up front it was a surprise
for all of us to find out that this call
had happened this morning and more
importantly it seems from everything
we're seeing that actually prim uh that
President Xi reached out to President
Trump for the call rather than the other
way around. And while certainly both
sides in their readouts did highlight,
you know, ongoing conversations about
implementing a complicated trade and
tariff deal that has a lot of
consequence for both economies,
particularly on critical minerals and
rare earths. As you already noted, the
emphasis from President Xi on the Taiwan
question in their readout, which was
made available almost just minutes after
acknowledgement of the call uh very
different from the hours that it took
for President Trump to release his own
uh statement highlights that this was a
there was a real focus on rebaselining
the Taiwan question and particularly
without mentioning Japan emphasizing
that they expect Japan and other
countries in the United States as it
deals with this issue to respect China's
interest and priority on the Taiwan
question and really set the bar there
and and make try and head off anything
Trump might do to escalate and push back
on their uh push back on ch on Japan
itself.
>> All right. So, it's been about a month,
Adam, since you know this this this
tariff truce. Uh we got a phone call
overnight that you know we just talked
about the complication between to Tokyo
and Beijing. What does it tell us about
where USChina relations go from here in
terms of just being able to implement
what they talked about a month back?
>> So, so far in the last couple weeks and
even in the readout from this call and
and all the conversation with President
Trump since the meeting in Busousan,
we've seen a clear upward trend in how
the United States and China are talking
about the relationship moving forward.
Right? The movement and decision to
reduce tariffs by 10% and to push
forward on fentanyl cooperation. uh
opening the flow of rare earths into the
US economy and pulling back on US export
controls and entity listings all have
set a relatively positive environment
that President Trump seems to want to
ride directly into this potential
meeting in China in April. I think
though there are real questions on how
that how long that can hold and we're
already seeing some stress in the
situation over soybean purchases which
China committed to massively increase
compared to the almost zero it purchased
this year and the fact that those are
seem to be falling behind and also just
simply questions as to whether issues
like Taiwan or or the broader uh stress
in the relationship on advanced
technology will actually undermine this
work and whether push back from other
entities in DC whether it be at the
White House or in Congress might
actually elevate the, you know,
problematic issues like Taiwan again and
and cause Beijing and the United States
to have to renegotiate some of these
deals as we saw throughout the year uh
with escalations followed by quick
deescalation.
>> Feels like I'm looking at that feels
like an illustration of the markets up
and down uh which has really been very
difficult to I guess in terms of
consistency there. Adam, fantastic.
Thank you so much, sir, for the context.
Adam Ferrar there our senior ge
economics analyst for Asia Pacific as we
were just talking about there so on one
day hence you know the nature of markets
right um up one day down the other but
that's really been a story when you look
at the last two and a half weeks or so
um you're looking at decent decent
decent gains today when you look at some
of the tech space here it's been a
terrible week of course we're coming off
the worst week for global equities I
think going back to August so we are
getting a bounce we'll likely get a
bounce going into the open today what's
changed too is the the nature of the the
Fed conversation where that's gone from
uh below base case when you look at
pricing it's now closer to 90% on swaps
80% when you look at Fed fund futures
going into uh the December meeting and
might this be the tailwind that markets
needed maybe it is Winnie Woo here with
us head of APAC equity strategy at BOA
securities good morning nice to see you
>> morning good be back
>> the this bounce this week what do I who
do I thank for
>> [laughter]
>> Where do we send the postcard?
>> Well, I mean I I I think market is
sorting it out, right? I think you know
by end of October where we were was
valuation was getting a bit stretched,
right? MSI China back then was like 13.5
times PE after the correction in
November. By last Friday, we look at 20
uh 12.4 times, which is slightly above
the long-term average of 12, but it's
actually more close to the long-term
average level, not as stretched. Um I
think you know uh there was some um year
end seasonality that people start to
lock in the gains you know don't make
the base this year too high and and
especially this has been a great year
for many investors right so when I was
in Shanghai some of the insurance asset
managers were saying yeah we've done
great we don't want the base to be too
high for next year right so so so there
this some sort of year end profit taking
type of behavior but it doesn't mean
that people are saying hey this is the
and right that we turning bearish for
next year. So I think the general
strategy we've been advising investors
since the end of October is locking
gains on the rallies but you can still
accumulate good stocks on the lows right
we remain constructive for 2026
especially for the China market and we
still think that some of the structural
trend like AI like China's technology
advancement is a multi-year trend that
will continue to be driving the market
driving the economic growth and earning
growth. It sort of sounds like maybe
it's a bit of a set and forget
mentality. People sort of just want to
hold into year end. I mean that sounds
more like the institutional side. It's
interesting though because the retail
crowd is maybe thinking a bit
differently in terms of names like
Alibaba.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um I think you know
for
these names like internet names um they
are very popular among retail investors
among some of the US tourists meaning
like the hedge fund investors right
that's how they express their confidence
on China's AI right where whereas you
know Hong Kong China institutional
investor might play the tech hardware
names like you know the PCBs the optical
modules the semi- chip tips for overseas
investor, for retail investor, it might
be easier to just buy a house that hold
name like this. Um, but we've also seen
very huge volatility in the stock
because what we saw is some sort of, you
know, it's a it's it's a it's a tale of
two cities, right? There is the
ecommerce quickcommerce uh challenges
that the price will the subsidy is
continue to hurt the bottomline earnings
and free cash flow. But on the other
side, people are betting on the cloud
business, the AI development. So I think
very importantly the whole focus is now
you know what's the plan on AI on capex
on cloud and is that really going to
drive any you know real productivity
gain or earnings? Yeah.
>> The what's the cleanest AI play in your
view when it comes to China? Is it the
platform companies or has it also been
recently we've seen a it's been a decent
year for the hardware makers and the
tech space but we've also had
conversations in the White House around
>> are they are they not going to sell
high-end chips to China and might that
be a headwind for the hardware makers.
So what's what's your view on the
cleanest AI play? Um I think for now the
cleanest one is probably still the
platform company right that it's large
it's liquid it's US listed ADR and on
top of that I think some overseas
investors are also playing the data
center names right okay
>> but on the other side there is a huge
supply chain of AI universe in fact you
know this week we last last week we just
published a report
>> I'm confused too yes yes [laughter]
but yes
>> we just published publish a big report
lay out 332 AI technology companies in
the whole region including 147 in China
right many of them are undercovered
under research there's a lot of hidden
gems so um that's a completely you know
a a much bigger topic but I would also
say that from our conversation with the
investor people are more willing to
spend time to look at these fundamental
some of the Asia names some of the names
focusing on the domestic localization
import substitution themes rather than
you know initially I think it's the
platform names the ADRs then the next
stage is look at the Nvidia supply chain
hardware names right the Apple supply
chain names again they sell to
foreigners they have strong export
growth they are certified by Nvidia it's
easy
>> but I think now we getting increasing
interest for people to look at China
semi-equipment names right to see you
know the localiz ization how quickly has
it it been progressing and you know in
case of a global AI US AI pullback or
volatility could these Chinese
technology AI players be a
diversification right that still get
investor the exposure to the long-term
AI scene but maybe less sensitive less
exposed to the US AI capex cycle
>> Winnie stay with us because we've got a
lot more to discuss with you in the
moment ments ahead, but we'll get more
from Winnie Woo, head of APAC equity
strategy at PFA Securities in just a
moment. But coming up as well as we'll
discussing there, Alibaba set to report
its second quarter results. Uh most
analysts as we've been discussing
[music] looking at the the cloud revenue
growth, the expectations around that. So
we're going to look at what's on tap
next, but we are counting down to the
open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
Hong Kong. Alibaba shares are already
indicated high. We [music] had a very
strong session in ADRs overnight, too.
But this is the China show. You're
watching Bloomberg.
All right, about 10 minutes away from
the open this morning. We do have some
major earnings on tap. We're wrapping up
the season, but these are some that are
going to be reporting later today. So,
we've got Pony. I think that's going to
be interesting because you had Wii ride
actually showing some better figures
still in the auto space. NEO of course
consumer you've got chia fuk vitasy but
the big one is going to be Alibaba
really we've got those numbers coming up
and and the focus very much on cloud
revenue growth as well for the business
let's get more with our Bloomberg tech
reporter LS Ding joining us so LSE I
mean you've got a very long day ahead of
you we were just saying but but what are
you going to be watching in particular
with these numbers
>> yeah so uh so one of the key things that
we'll be watching is the AI investment
uh number that uh Alibaba said that
they're going to they were going to
invest uh $53 billion over the next
three years and that was already a huge
target and in September they uh they
said that they're going to be on that
but they have not set a new target uh so
we'll always all be watching that
because there are a lot of discussion
about AI investment bubble and then uh
Alibaba has been relatively moderate in
terms of that so we'll see that and
another thing is the e-commerce uh that
one thing is that uh we want to see like
how much the food delivery war has uh
hurt the profit And the next one is also
uh we just passed uh the double 11 uh
shopping festival and uh if they are
going to uh release any uh data on that
that's always indicator of the Chinese
economy because they are one of the
biggest platforms.
>> What about the rebrand of the AI app?
Why why are they doing that?
>> Yes. So uh in terms of AI and cloud
monetization uh there are a lot of ways
to uh make money out of it. Alibaba has
mostly been focusing on uh enterprises
business business targeting uh uh
products uh but but they have not been
very aggressive in terms of uh consumerf
facing AI products. So this is to fill
that gap.
>> What's the propensity of people to pay
do you think on the consumer side for
that? [laughter]
>> Yeah. Uh I'm sure as you know as well
the I mean the a proven path to monetize
AI is to ask consumers to pay for a
subscription uh uh like open eye did
with chat GBT but Chinese consumers are
less likely uh from from uh our
reporting is less likely to pay for
subscriptions like that. Uh but Alibaba
is planning to integrate uh a lot of
other services like shopping, travel
booking, uh mapping and then uh there's
a lot of other ways to monetize uh these
products as well potentially advertising
but uh we will see.
>> Okay. Uh we shall [laughter]
>> that depends on your reporting. Okay.
Now
>> thank you.
>> It's going to be fantastic. Very long
day ahead there for Ling of course.
Fantastic uh preview of the upcoming
earnings coming through here and as we
were just showing Alibaba is up 3%. uh
in your pre-markets, HSI is playing a
massive catch up to its uh shares
overnight. It did have a decent day
already, 18% overnight, 12% now. Pony AI
up 11% also coming through in the early
going up 4% Xiaomi's up three. There's
also the gold story with Zene up about
3%. So, it's a rally not completely
across the board, but in terms of market
breath is a decent day to be long these
markets. The opening bell seven minutes
away. A full preview is just ahead. This
is the China show. Good morning.
Okay, good morning and good morning when
you look at uh [laughter] how things are
trading right now. Asia Pacific better
by about you know I'll be generous 1%.
Let's call it that. There we go. Half of
1% on 850 futures for flat on S&P. Uh
yeah, Europe's not joining in. We'll
see. We'll see what happens there. Okay.
Uh big earnings day. Lots of sectors to
watch. Everything from gold to crypto to
robotics and UB of course raising some
money bell and other things uh at play
here.
>> Yeah, we've been crunching the numbers
on UB. We'll get to that in a moment.
But first up, it's it's that big preview
to to
>> the behemoths essentially for earnings
today and that's going to be Alibaba
that's reporting. So you already seeing
that indicated around 3% high. There's a
lot of optimism around this rebranded
Qen model that they've they've launched
for the consumer market. Pony AI, we've
got those earnings coming out later
today, but we write had strong numbers
and we can actually take a look at at
Wide because we saw them trimming their
losses. The robo taxi race, I mean,
you're continuing to see that that
essentially gaining momentum. BU as
well. Uh again, we did see a bit of
nervousness essentially after their
latest reporting period. Ging mining you
were watching on the gold story as well,
but UB the story was around them
essentially raising $3.1 billion from a
follow on or an offering rather of new
shares. That's 98.80 a piece last close
you can see there. [music] So you're
looking at around a 9% discount size
while rated new outperform at CIC. But
that is the China show. The open is next
and this is Bloomberg
in a bad way.
>> Welcome back. [music] You're watching
the China Show. Counting down to the
open market. It's a good day. Uh it's
it's it's a buy and dip scenario here.
[music] So we are nearing the end of the
year. So no one's going to judge you if
you're starting to sit this one out
booking those profits. But also if you
got this dips and I think we did bounce
off the 100 day on the S&P. We closed
below the 200 day on Hansen Tech and I
think that's one level to watch. We'll
probably open above that right now given
the bounce we're seeing. But yes, tech
in play and also the Fed uh [music] live
conversation around around December.
More than live in fact. Well, I think
it's almost looking like a done deal at
this point. As you were [music] saying,
what we're seeing indicated in in
futures, what we're seeing in swaps as
well. You're looking at a chance of even
up to 90% for for the Fed to consider
that cut when it comes December. But
let's take a look at how the markets are
opening this morning because as you
said, there's there's the Fed factor.
There's also this rethinking of the
story around tech generally, but but
we've seen the strong numbers today, for
instance, in Taiwan coming online.
Korea, Japan is back. So this is all
that big tech story, but you feed into
it more of the idiosyncratic factors as
well and the earnings picture that's
going to take place in China today with
Alibaba really the one to watch. But you
do see stocks coming online this morning
again, positivity across the board here.
But let's take a look at Hong Kong in
particular because Alibaba, as we said,
will be the one in focus. We've got
Winnie Woo from from BOFA Securities
with us talking about, yeah, okay, the
institutional crowd doesn't necessarily
want to have a a super high benchmark to
come into next year. They're happy to
sort of maybe set and forget into year
end, but the retail crowd continues. to
like names like Alibaba especially after
they've just rebranded uh their their
portfolio for for consumers essentially
but you are seeing that's their AI model
portfolio QN but up 3% to come online
this morning by as well more than 4%
gain so far in the session Xiaomi we're
also keeping a watch on because the
founder Lelay June has raised his stake
in the company to more than 23% uh Xiai
of course a company that is a tech giant
but they're seeing those slower
smartphone sales they did just report
their earnings and the first time we've
seen profitability in the EV business
unit, which is pretty exceptional when
you consider they only started selling
those vehicles last year. Uh let's shift
on take a look at some of the stocks in
focus. So UB is one we're watching very
closely. They're looking to raise or
they have raised $3.1 billion from a
share placement. You're seeing that
stock sliding here this morning down 4%
but it was offered at 98.8 Hong Kong
dollars a piece. So still quite a
significant discount to the yesterday
close of more than 108 Hong Kong dollars
a share. Hersai group as well to note we
did have again those earnings coming out
and that was last week but this week
it's it's about CIC upgrading the stock
to to outperform with a pretty bullish
price target as well. We ride another
name because it's that earnings focus.
We have Pony coming up later today, but
we ride. You saw them trimming their
third quarter losses. And definitely
that is the big theme around robo taxi
companies in general in China. They're
much more global than what you see from
the likes of Whimo for instance over in
the states. Uh Ging Mining is what we're
watching just given the the gold story
essentially Dave.
>> Yeah. [clears throat]
I think I was out was I out sick last
week or is it two weeks ago and her
side?
>> It was two weeks ago.
>> It was two weeks ago covered for you.
>> Yes. Well, [laughter]
>> I know your schedule. Hence, hence hence
I'm asking and well I I missed that
interview you guys did. Uh Harry was a
good woman. David Lee was right.
>> David Lee and didn't he give out the
clues on when the next they were opening
a factory and then he gave was it Tommy
Kun?
>> He said yeah Tommy Yamam soup. It's it's
a country famous for toyam soup which I
got in a second Thailand and and we
thought that was an interesting one that
expansion in Southeast Asia for for the
company but of course Southeast Asia I
mean it's a really big auto
manufacturing hub and
>> Thailand is yeah
>> Thailand is Yeah. So that's the story
there.
>> Yeah, that's that's just to say when you
look at markets this year, right,
Southeast Asia's bottom of the barrel.
>> Up there is South Korea. Japan has done
fantastic. In fact, I think the
statistic on Korea, it's the best year
for the Cosby
>> in about 26 years. It's it's really a
market that's gone just berserk this
year. The question is, what are the code
relations looking like going into next
year? And if US tech blows up, what
happens to that sort of ranking? Well,
Wendy Wid here with us on set to help us
understand the the decision tree going
into next year. Head of APAC equity
strategy at BP. Okay, let's start with
that premise.
>> What if US tech blows up?
>> Yeah,
>> next year.
>> Yeah, I think that's currently not the
base case, but people start to want to
think through that scenario, right?
Think through what if. And in that kind
of scenario, I would say that Taiwan and
Korea in the region are probably the
most direct derivatives of US AI because
within MSA Taiwan is like 84% are it
sector which is a lot of them are the AI
supply chain stories. Korean um within
Korea index I think it directly is
around 40% but there are also other
industrial sectors like ship building AI
defense EV battery names which are also
somewhat AI derivatives and given that
Korea has done so well this year basis
very high so if the US AI has some big
pullback or correction I think Taiwan
and Korean market are probably going to
be the most sensitive ones to the
downside in comparison the three larger
economies, China, Japan, India. At least
they have a bigger domestic economy
whether it's banks, consumption, energy,
industrial, they will probably be a bit
less sensitive to the global cycle and
external demand. But among the three,
Japan historically has very high
correlation with the US market, right?
And also currently investors are very
bullish on Japan. That's also a
consensus topic for next year and
they're the base case scenario. But if
US economy or the AI cycle have a big
pullback then Japan will probably be
more sensitive than uh India and
China. So in the case of uh US AI
pullback I suspect India among the major
market will probably be a relatively
outperformer given in the past 18 months
India was perceived as a loser in the
age of AI and India has underperformed
for its domestic situations as well. I
think asan market like you said you know
has been a loser in the age of AI and
relatively underowned didn't have much
rerating they will probably be the
hiding place but China is actually not
badly stacked in this kind of scenario
because as I mentioned China has a large
the best economy China has its own AI
ecosystem the domest localization the
technology advancement is still making
progresses and China as of now MSI China
PE at 12 13 times PE in a global context
it's still one of the cheapest so even
in the case of a AI pullback I would say
that Taiwan Korea Japan will probably be
more sensitive to the US cycle whereas
India might be outperforming but China
is still one of the relative
outperformers in the region
>> sounds like China sort of does well in
either scenario
>> I think so consider it underperformed
three years previously
>> well okay so how are Chinese investors
onshore
>> as far as risks go, are they looking
domestically or are they looking to the
US and what happens there?
>> Yeah, very interesting. You know, I was
in Shanghai, Beijing in the first week
of November. Um, investor generally have
relatively low expectation on property
market turning around on consumption
turnaround on policy stimulus. So, you
know, they kind of neutral to bearish on
the economy,
>> but they are bullish on Chinese export.
They say like you know half year after
the tariff Chinese export remain very
resilient. We prove that our product
really competitive right 30% 50% tariff
doesn't really take away the
competitiveness because the products are
so much cheaper. In fact, the most
bullish investor was saying that hey, if
next year US is going to do a lot of AI
data center capex, it will be very
positive for China because they need to
import everything from China from the
steel, copper to the power storage,
batteries to transformers, equipment,
machinery. So that's your bookcase for
China. China doesn't need to do stimulus
domestically. US stimulus will work for
China. But on the other side talking
about market risk they also see us being
a key risk factor for not only the China
market but for the global market because
for China given people have low
expectation on turnaround on stimulus
then there's not much to disappoint
right it's people are not pricing that
in but on the other side if US
consumption liquidity AI cycle has a big
reversal or downside surprise is
probably going to be bad for global
equity market. So you know when we look
at China we say okay some investors say
this year China market the market
deviated from fundamentals but it's not
only China you look across the world
every market had was pretty much
enjoying a liquiditydriven rally and if
that were to reverse it's going to be
challenging for the China market as
well. So China will relatively
outperform but absolute level might
still be more challenging than this year
or even last year.
>> So this idea that we have a sort of
shock to the AI story in in the US,
you're saying it's not the base case.
What's the probability that you are
ascribing to the the current themes of
today that AI conviction moving into
next year? M I think we see a lot of
debate on that but my general advice
would be for the next six months we
remain constructive because beyond the
year and the seasonality calendar factor
looking into next year we're hoping that
liquidity perspective insurers Chinese
insurers will have the jump start sales
and they will allocate 30% of the
premium into the equity market so
liquidity support from southbound or
from the domestic flow will be strong
there is president she talk Trump talk
about visiting China in April and there
will be market expectations on
potentially some grand bargaining big
deal stabilization in the relationship.
So that should be a positive catalyst.
At least investor don't want to be too
bearish leading into the meeting, right?
And potentially there's the Fed rate
cut, US liquidity easing. Um and if uh
you know on the US side, we are still
expecting the hyperscalers to grow capex
very substantially. So all of that is
still quite constructive on the market
at least for the first few months of
next year. Then by mid year I guess
market need to reassess again right
because market will you know anticipate
what happens six months later you know
the midterm election is November 2027
was the capex grow growth by the
hyperscaler was their cash flow was
their earnings that might be a different
picture so so I think you know we remain
constructive for the next six months but
we probably need to re-evaluate again
after second quarter next year
>> all right but at least the next few
months then in your you seem to be
pretty secure. That's Winnie Woo there
joining us this morning, head of APAC
equity strategy at BOFA Securities. And
uh still ahead on the China show, we're
going to be digging into UBS wealth
management's outlook for gold
commodities next year as well. They're
also saying uh there's further room for
for commodity prices to run, but we'll
get that outlook later with Dominique
Schneider.
This is Bloomberg.
In some corporate news this morning and
prime office rents in Hong Kong's
central business district have
reportedly risen modestly in November
for the first time in three and a half
years. [music] The South China Morning
Post sites JLL for its report saying
rents gained 0.1% from October. JLL told
the paper that reflects or that reflects
how tenants [music] in Central have been
upgrading to take advantage of a soft
market.
Bloomberg's learned that [music] Senta
Group is considering an IPO in Hong
Kong. This comes more than a year after
it withdrew plans for [music] a $9
billion listing in Shanghai. Sources say
the Chinese-owned Act company is holding
preliminary talks with financial
advisers and may list in Hong Kong next
year.
BMW is weighing [music] the addition of
range extenders to some of its electric
vehicles amid growing demand for the
technology popularized by its [music]
Chinese rivals. Range extenders are a
small combustion engine that act as an
onboard generator to recharge the
[music] battery. BMW and its German
peers are trying to revive sales in
China after losing market share to local
rivals.
>> Well, yeah, speaking of and just staying
on the space here, we are watching
shares of We Ride here today. We were up
10 yesterday. We're up a further three
today. Uh following of course the
numbers coming through. You have a third
quarter loss net loss that was actually
well not not as bad when you look at the
common coming out of city that the 3Q
loss was better uh than expected. Danny
Lee our transport reporter is here with
us to yeah put this into context. Still
a loss but not as bad.
>> A much improved picture know the loss is
you know 60 odd% better more improved
than the same time uh previous years. So
you know with more business more orders
coming through and that competition
generally hotting up for for robo taxis
driverless fleets um you know there is a
know a lot more scrutiny on these uh
players out there and al of course for
uh for we write it just recently listed
in Hong Kong as well. There's a lot of
competition with some of its peers very
publicly um whether it's doing better or
not than its peers. So yeah, there's uh
just to see on the financial side uh
things pointing in the right direction
uh is a good thing for investors and
responding accordingly.
>> I mean with Pony AI of course is the
fiercest competition even though you saw
in the BU numbers actually their Apollo
go divisions again was seeing better
ride figures but what does it look like
then for the the the general trajectory
of the business from here? Do you
continue to see that expansion? Do we
look for them to turn profitable in in
which sort of quarter? Could it be next
year? Do you think
>> I think it does remain to be seen for
now when exactly it turns profitable but
you know that level of competition that
fight with Pony AI you know happening
domestically. Um the partnerships it
does have with the likes of Grab and
Uber uh is know as a strong baseline and
also the fact that the international
expansion it has the testing that's
going on in the Middle East and Europe
is also important. Uh but still with the
fact that after it listing Hong Kong
stock has been down around 24%. Uh so
you know clearly uh the toll of that has
taken you know the impact on on the
stock but still look you know when you
look ahead there are still a lot of good
fundamentals uh and compared to its
peers in the US who are not doing as
well. Uh when you look at that
international fight you know you can see
Pony and and and others fighting
domestically amongst themselves but that
space internationally is a very hot one.
>> Yeah. and really interesting that it
really is the Chinese players that are
the ones that are going global while the
US ones really seem to stick more at
home. But that was our Bloomberg Asia
transport reporter Danny Lee there.
Thanks for joining us and we're going to
have more on China's earnings or the
earning season ahead including a closer
look at Pony AI that's [music] going to
be reporting later today. We're going to
be speaking with the head of Dun
insights. Uh why he expects the company
to focus more on its China business
[music] as it's maps as it maps out that
way rather to profitability. More ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Well, the US commerce secretary Howard
Lutnik says President Trump will decide
whether to allow Nvidia to sell its more
advanced H200 chips to China. Lutnik
spoke with us from Brussels about the
national security concerns surrounding
Trump's decision.
>> That kind of decision sits right on the
desk of Donald Trump, right? He's got
Jensen from Nvidia who really wants to
sell those chips and he's got a good
reasons for it. There's an enormous
number of other people who think that
that's something that should be deeply
considered. And the benefit that we have
is we have Donald Trump in the Oval
Office. He is going to weigh those
decisions. He understands President Xi
the best. He will decide whether we go
forward with that or not. That's on his
desk with lots of different adviserss.
The president loves to hear lots of
different voices to make those kind of
decisions and he'll decide whether we
sell those chips or not. And then we
will go execute it however he decides to
go forward. There's a bigger question
here, Secretary Lutnik, about what
national security is. Is it more of a
national security risk to give China
some of these high-powered chips, or is
it more of a national security risk to
not have US tech in China? Has your view
on that changed?
Well, that's the question exactly as
well put and in front of the president,
which is do you want to sell China some
chips and keep them using our tech and
our tech stack or do you say to them,
look, we're not going to sell you our
best chips. We're just going to hold off
on that and we're going to compete in
the AI race ourselves. So, that is the
question. It's in front of the
president. He's going to decide. It's a
really, really interesting question.
He's got all the information. He's got
lots and lots of experts talking to him
and he's going to decide which way he
wants to go forward.
>> Secretary Lutnik, meanwhile, use of AIPA
for tariffs is in front of the Supreme
Court. The feedback has been skepticism
so far from many of the justices,
conservative ones included. As this
plays out, can you walk us through how
you'd prioritize the different
alternatives should the administration's
use of tariffs via AIPA get struck down?
So I was in the Supreme Court. I sat
through the whole argument. The justices
were tough on the beginning on the
Department of Justice's uh you know our
person, but then they were much tougher
on the other side. Uh much much tougher.
So I left that day feeling very
confident that we and the president was
going to prevail on these AIPA tariffs.
So I think you're hearing it from me. I
think I was there in the courtroom. I
heard it all the way through. I didn't
sort of write my story halfway through.
I sat all the way through to the end.
The president's going to win that case
because that makes sense for him to win.
But I want to remind you, the president
has lots of other authorities. He has
232s. He has 301s. He has 338s. He has a
whole variety. One 112, 122. He's got
all sorts of other powers. and tariffs
are going to be part of this
administration going forward, but I
don't think they're going to be
necessary because the president's going
to win the AIPA case in front of the
Supreme Court.
>> That was the US commerce secretary
Howard Lnik there. And turning to more
corporate news this morning as well
because Ray Dallio says the
multistrategy model that's taken Wall
Street by storm is unlikely to last.
[music] Dalio says the siloed approach
makes it harder to build meaningful
relationships, hurting employee
continuity [music] and competitiveness.
Here's some of what he told Bloomberg's
OddLotss podcast.
>> I think it's not going to last. There's
different ways to play the game. That's
a totally valid way to play the game.
Maybe it's a totally fine way for the
investment management, but it's not a
fine way for building a 50year-old. I
did this. I built a 50year-old
organization.
Apple shares gained after the tech giant
confirmed a reshuffle in its sales
division. Sources earlier told Bloomberg
the iPhone maker has eliminated dozens
[music] of sales roles in a bid to
streamline the way it offers products to
businesses. The affected [music]
positions include account managers and
staff who operate Apple's briefing
centers and product demonstrations.
Google's parent Alphabet rose while
[music] Nvidia fell in late trading.
that this on reports that Meta is in
talks to spend billions of dollars on
the search giant's AI chips. The [music]
information says MA met Meta plans to
use Google's tensor processing units or
TPUs and data centers in 2027. An
agreement would help establish TPUs as
an alternative to Nvidia's AI chips.
>> Yeah, Peter, let's start things off with
the tech space. We woke up to again
another resurgence in Mag 7. In this
case, of course, it was really
Microsoft's uh Alphabet rather uh that
really led the lines and you're looking
at some of the related names in the Asia
Pacific and suffice to say u I think
they're doing well uh in in the session
today. That's also to say when you look
at the other side to this which we'll
talk about later on as well, right? So
in the case of um uh Kyouli who came on
shows a few days back and said you know
the model in the US is one where it's
almost if not winner takes all on AI.
It's open AI. Is it Gemini better than
open AI? And is that why Soft Bank is
taking a back seat on that narrative? I
guess we can get into that later on, but
suffice to say, this is one side of that
literal equation there. Gold stocks
fairly straightforward. Big rally in
gold overnight
and the equity complex as a second
derivative. Uh playing a bit of catch-up
there. We're up about 2 to 3% there. Uh
Robo shares are up uh we were up as much
as five, let's call it 4.8% there. Uh
the company said it will partner with
DD, the autonomous driving unit there of
the company to develop nextgen robot
taxi vehicles. We talked about this uh
in an earlier segment as far as robbo
taxes are concerned. We're better by 4%
on that stock there. But yeah, that goes
into uh some uh earnings are coming
through today. Uh and some of them are
in the uh EV space too, the car space
there.
>> Yeah. Well, Pony's going to be the big
one to watch because we had we [music]
ride narrowing its losses in the latest
reporting period. Still with Autos Neo
of course you can see there's the
consumer theme with Chia Fuk Vitus Soy
[music] Win Macau but the big one
Alibaba numbers and what are we going to
see in terms of cloud revenue. You
[music]
welcome back. You're watching the China
Show and we're taking a look at the Hang
Sang half [music] an hour into the
session. So the gains that we had the
start of the week, they're extending and
there's a lot of positive themes. I
think it's sort of again what we had
overnight or yesterday in the session.
It's the story [music] around the Fed,
these expectations that well it's not
even a it's becoming the base case
really. We're going to see a cut in
December. But then adding to that is the
story around [music] tech as well.
>> Yeah. Uh and th those two things are we
had an AI bubble concern about a week
and a half back. in fact like Friday
going into the weekend, but [music]
those two things have somewhat changed
for for the better if if you're long
these markets and have in fact come
together to give us gains we're seeing
across the region today. Uh in fact,
just flip the page, please. Uh the
iteration of that across greater Chinese
markets is an earning story and it will
probably depend what Alibaba says about
their capex spend and AI. uh I if if if
that story is to extend further uh if
we're able to execute on this uh Winnie
Woo from BOVA in fact had a very good uh
she laid out the likely path for Asian
markets next year in the event US tech
implodes or sorry corrects next year uh
and that might be something you get that
right it's almost like you get the
dollar story right you get half the
equation right but yes uh we we'll try
and play it out for you later Billy,
Billy, BU, Xiai are all better today.
And just speaking of the Asia side of
that, you have the Naked coming back
online, Cosby, Korea. Uh, US futures are
somewhat to the downside. I believe we
have some breaking news right now out of
Kyoto. Uh, this telephone conversation
that we talked about earlier following
another telephone conversation
overnight, which we'll get into later
on. But very briefly, a look at the
decliners. It's not all good. Um,
despite uh the perception of me, I'm not
all good. Um, [laughter]
not perfect, but there we go. Uh, some
of the big names on your screens like
Hello Kitty. Um, you have Soft Bank of
course on the back of the maybe the
alphabet story, but yes, some of the
clients here cross some big names here.
Bill. Yeah.
>> Yeah. We'll get back to that breaking
line because it has been nearly three
weeks now since the Japanese prime
minister commented on a possible Taiwan
contingency in parliament. And we're
continuing to see that fallout
essentially. And it's now reached uh the
leaders of of Japan and the US because
what local media Kyoto is saying is that
the Japanese Prime Minister Sai
Takayichi has held a telephone
conversation with President Trump.
That's according to government officials
and their reporting as well. But the two
appear to have discussed future
responses following the phone call of
course overnight. That surprise call
that we woke up to this morning in Asia
but between the leaders of the US and
China on the 24th. So essentially this
call now between Tokyo and Washington is
following the call between Washington
and China uh that we had overnight as
well. So yes, that is the latest we've
got from from local media there.
>> Yeah. And you know what? So this goes
into this is the we forgot to mention
this. This is the third market theme uh
today. So we were looking at of
obviously the earnings story and the
tech story. There's the Fed. There's the
geopolitical conversation which seems to
be on better footing this morning when
you look at the phone call there. But
this might also be sort of the prison.
We need to look at uh the Japan China
spats uh in a greater context of the
broader conversations between Beijing uh
and also as far as Washington goes and
you look at the separate statements,
right? And I think one statement did
include that Taiwan was brought up, the
other statement did not include of
course that the topic of Taiwan. Uh
let's get into things. Minlow, a China
correspondent, is here with us to maybe
let's start off with the that phone call
uh overnight between the two presidents.
>> Yeah, I mean there are a few things to
note. One is the timing obviously is not
a coincidence, but the other thing is
who initiated the phone call. That's not
very clear from the Chinese readout. Um
and there has been some reports, I
believe Wall Street Journal reporting
based on sources that it was China that
initiated it. If that is true, it's
quite a rare overturn by China. And
timing, it's not a coincidence that we
just came off this frenzy meetings over
the weekend to try to iron out this
peace deal between Ukraine and uh and
Russia. And then soon after that, you
have this Trump sea phone call which the
US version says it was all about
fentinil, it was about soybeans, but the
Chinese version said it was about
Ukraine and Taiwan. And there has been
many analysts drawing parallels between
the Ukraine war and and what US would do
in the event of an attack on Taiwan,
right? And China is often of the view
that the US and its allies have a double
standard that they are, you know,
helping to support Ukraine and and
ensure its sovereignty but then
infringing on China's sovereignty on
this front. So perhaps this is a call
and it was explicitly mentioned as well
on the SIMU readout that President C was
highlighting in particular that
reunification with Taiwan is going to be
key for the post-war order and also
dragging out all the World War II
context saying that US and China had
fought shoulder-to-shoulder against
militarism and Nazism um against Germany
and Japan and it's so important to
maintain that order. They see
>> it's very interesting you bring up who
who initiated that call because we've
just seen uh the Japanese Prime Minister
Takayichi speaking with reporters in in
Japan and and she's saying that
>> the call that happened between Tokyo and
Washington was at the request of
President Trump's team and also uh that
that in that Taki she says Trump briefed
her about that phone call with with
China she but also just talk to us about
this context here how how the spat
between China and Japan is now involved
to to also encompass the US.
>> Yeah, obviously this is in some ways
perhaps China also using this as a test
of just how much support US is willing
to give to Japan as its ally, right?
Because we know that Japanese officials
had said that they want to deepen ties
with the US. um they have been you know
according to China the the rising
defense budget the development of
offensive weapons these are all signs of
Japan's growing militarism which is why
China is so upset and we are now a
couple of weeks into that spat and we do
have fresh data now of flight
cancellations because of China's travel
advisory and we are looking at upwards
of 20% or so flight cancellations there
are some 12 routes where all flights are
being cancelled between selected Chinese
cities and Japanese cities as well So,
China has been in recent weeks really
been engaged on this war of words,
right? They submitted a letter to the UN
which was an action that I can I guess
you can see it as trying to seek support
from the rest of the world from the
global south to really make clear China
stance and a warning to the rest of the
world not just to Japan but to the US
and other democracies that any you know
attempt to intervene militarily on
on Taiwan is going to be interpreted as
an act of aggression by China which will
then justify their legal uh just uh
their their use of self-defense to to
defend their sovereignty.
>> Yeah. And just another line coming out
as well, Min is that Taki is saying that
President Trump says to call him
anytime. So obviously leaving that door
open, but that was our China
correspondent Mim Lo there with the
latest on this. And
>> uh let's talk about I guess the market
implications because so far you were
just saying there it is the third
element, but at the same time it isn't
an element that's really been having
much of a bearing. So far you could see
the markets have been very focused on
the tech story. They've been very
focused on the Fed, I guess, what would
be the tipping point for this to turn
into something that could actually
affect more of the equity picture. But
let's bring in our Bloomberg senior
editor, Katherine Nye, who joins us this
morning in Hong Kong. And and Katherine,
I'm interested for your views on this
this ongoing diplomatic feud. Of course,
it's been 3 weeks now, but are there any
sort of implications or or assets that
you're watching in particular for for
implications?
>> Right. Right. Right. I mean, I think the
biggest one would probably be um the
both the Japanese consumer companies,
right? This is kind of the the big one
that if chi if Japan and Chinese um
tensions get worse that the the likes of
companies like Chaseedo um are are are
at risk because you end up, you know, a
lot of the the the the buyers of of
these Japanese companies um and these
Japanese products are the consumer side.
But I mean, as a whole, like you say, I
think right now people are really
playing off these macro factors. They're
looking at, you know, Fed cuts. They're
looking at, you know, US data that's
going to come soon. They're looking at
um what the valuations and what the run
run looks like um in the future for
these tech companies that has had quite
a tumble in the last recent weeks. And
we're seeing sort of that some of that
recovery as people are kind of dipping
their toes back in the market and
figuring out what the best trades are.
>> Yeah. And that that brings to mind then
the people talk about a bubble in the US
and I think you know our guest early on
Winnie Woo ought to be of you know
basically said when you talk about a
bubble we have to distinguish of course
between the basket in the US and where
you are in China where we're trading
still well above the historical mean in
China but still much much closer to the
mean than we are in the US. Katherine,
how does the how do these earnings from
Alibaba uh which are dual out this today
uh how will that affect uh investors
views here on on on the runway for
Chinese tech ahead?
Yeah, I always I I'm always surprised
and and I guess um it's you know it's
always interesting when people talk
about you know sectors being bubbles and
it's a question that we've asked you
know to many many people always right um
whether we're in a bubble because the
the the tech stocks have had such a run
I mean the market like stock markets
just around the world are at such high
uh levels and trading at such high
valuations. Um I think that you know
Alibaba will really kind of ground us a
little bit. Um I mean I think the
expectations here is that um you know
the growth isn't isn't going to be that
great. There are some areas in terms of
margin pressures um and people really
really want to know how much Alibaba is
going to be spending on cloud and on
their AI um to continue to sort of you
know sort of take advantage um of this
trend and to particular like sort of
fend off rivals. Um, you know, I I think
that there uh there's there's a lot of
optimism this week given that their
revamped um new AI tool um you know, has
hit 10 million downloads. I mean, that
was quite a thing. And and and there's
obviously lots of optimism. Um so, I
think the the sort of the key focus here
as we get earnings tonight will just be
how much they're willing to spend to
continue this run. Um and um I mean
given just the rally I mean investors
seem to be still very um generous um in
terms of their views of this company
especially with you know these Martian
pressures.
>> Katherine final question for you. How
much has the the the expectations or
rising expectations or almost fully
priced expectations of a Fed cut in
December? How has that helped sentiment
today?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you can just see it
the full full uh screen of green, right?
Everything is trading in the green.
Everything is just so buoyant. Um I
mean, I will say that it feels kind of a
a every day seems to be such such a
varying and and and differing picture. I
mean, there are a couple days where
people are worried about valuations and
a couple days where people are wor, you
know, are thinking bad cuts are going to
come. Um I think that traders are trying
to be really selective right now because
there there's just so much um there's so
much news in this short period of time.
um you know everybody is kind of hoping
for this. So I think that there there
there's already been a lot of optimism
already priced into it. But um I mean
who knows we might see another worry
about lofty valuations um overnight and
and and op you know buy some opportunity
for another uh dip buying.
>> That was our Bloomberg senior editor
Katherine Nye there in Hong Kong. Thanks
for joining us. And as we've been
discussing over the last few minutes,
these lines and and the press briefing
that the Japanese Prime Minister Say
Takiichi has just held following a phone
conversation earlier today with the US
President Trump. Uh the the Takiichi
says was at his request. Now some of the
readout from this conversation that
we're getting from Takiitchi, uh she's
saying that Trump briefed her about the
phone call with President Xi. This was
happened on the 24th yesterday of course
but something we woke up to this morning
in Asia also that the US and Japan
according to Takiichi reaffirmed or
affirmed their close cooperation between
those two countries and Takichi saying
as well that that not only did President
Trump request this call but also that he
left the door open to continued
conversations and said he's available
anytime. So we'll get more details on
this developing story ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. So, you're looking at two things
[music] on your screens. One is this
increased probability of a cuts uh
around the Fed in [music] December. This
is Fed fund futures. You look at swaps
giving you slightly more at 85% if you
look at that specific [music]
uh metric. Uh we're tying this together
with a rally we're seeing in gold prices
overnight. Uh that's a two-day look.
We're back to about 4135.
That's down to what we're seeing as far
as the Fed conversation goes. See if I
could also ask my producers to scroll
maybe a little bit on the script uh just
to take us through a little bit further
down. There we go. Um and yeah, so gold
has obviously had a fantastic year.
Suffice to say, I think it should be the
best year going back a couple of decades
depending on which if you adjust for
inflation, that sort of thing, but
suffice to say it's been a fantastic
year for gold. Does this continue or do
you have to look beyond the gold complex
within the commodities space for uh
perhaps better returns going into next
year? Dominic Schneider, head of global
commodities and forex at EBS Global
Wealth Management CIO is here with us on
set. Good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Why don't we start there? Uh we'll talk
about gold and maybe we can broaden the
view beyond that. But what's the what's
the base case expectation around gold
for next year?
>> I would say the base case remains that
gold prices are well bid. I mean we do
see central bank demand being extremely
robust. Even the data that we got out of
October point to a very robust backdrop.
So we can think about a thousand tons of
purchases on an annual basis. Maybe
that's a little bit on the higher side,
but in that magnitude and I think
investors in general are still worried
about that longerterm endgame with
regards to deficit. I mean we're who is
going to reign in on deficit? Nobody.
And I think ultimately that might lead
to financial repression. So I think
investment demand remains robust. That
means prices should go higher. But
should we target double digit some of
the returns we have seen this year?
Probably that's not warranted. How do we
know central bank buying continues? What
what degree of confidence can we can we
attach to that to that trend and and why
do you think that's happening?
>> Well, everything started with the the
war between Russia and Ukraine and I
think some of these developments where
central bank felt that you know longer
term not just holding dollar is richly
valued. You want a little bit diversify
these trends tend to be a little bit
longer lasting. So that's just one year.
I think it's fair to see uh that that
could continue. Do we have a lot of
confidence? No. I think we need to see
every quarter how the development is
okay and if there is a little bit of a
step change in in central bank purchases
but for the time being it does look
robust and with the uncertainty I
mentioned before I think prices can
still gravitate higher so as a
diversifier as a hedge absolutely in a
portfolio if you have this affinity
towards real asset but again I want to
come back to a little bit thinking you
can't just always extrapolated these
kind of returns that we had so you
should rein in on your return
expectations I think 4,500 I think is
already generous. We do see things
leveling off there to 4,300.
>> You did say in the outbreak talking to
us about thinking beyond gold as well,
but but what do you then go toward or
what's what's standing out to you?
>> So I think there's two areas and you can
think about I mean you know the world in
equity is quite expensive, isn't it? I
mean we all talk about equities and
credit look at the credit spreads. There
are places in the commodity landscape
that is actually quite cheap. Oil is
cheap. look at it how it trades in real
term. I think it's it's almost dirt
cheap, I would say. So, I think that's
something to look at. You can say, well,
it's a reason we have plenty of supply
and uh but look into the second half of
next year. I know that's looking very
far out, maybe around two corners, but
incremental supply should come down and
I think that warrants a little bit of
higher price. That's number one. Two,
the grain price is trading at costs.
um leninia is building so there is some
problem in the southern hemisphere and I
think some of these risk premiums are
not visible so I do have some sectors
that can subsectors that can actually do
well next year just from a valuation
point of view and not much needs to
happen positioning short on the grains
that can flip very very quickly and then
believe it or not we do think that into
the second part of next year we're going
to get the growth acceleration at some
point all that stimulus all that rate
cards will find its way a little bit
into better growth and that's I want to
have some exposure to copper, some of
the industrials.
>> Yeah. Talk about copper uh a little bit
further. That rally stalled at about
11,000. We come down obviously from that
from that. And you also have some supply
issues there still with the with the big
mines.
>> Yeah. I think the the thing is I mean
first of all you do have a powerful
supply story more structurally. I mean
we haven't seen all that expectation not
come to fruition. So what if suddenly
supply growth is up 2% next year and and
demand does accelerate a little bit
more? So suddenly the deficit is not
just 400,000 tons but 500,000. So I
think there's a deficit building.
There's also a little bit of problem
that we have inventory in the US uh but
not in the rest of the world. And so
there's a little bit of a mismatch on
that part. Uh I think that adds to to
the notion that prices probably in the
rest of the world needs to be on the
stronger side. So I would look at 13,000
uh thereabout on on the copper side. I
mean it's nothing exploding away but
just simply people realizing that's the
metal we need to transition.
>> What's the appropriate allocation then
because you're saying other asset
classes look expensive and you're still
bullish on on a number of different
commodities going into next year. How
much money should people actually be
putting into them? So in our strategic
assocation we have no commodities uh
because historically uh uh has not
really delivered on on on the returns um
given the volatility that we have seen.
So if you think about now allocating to
um commodities more broadly do it in a
in a tactical way and that's probably
between 1 to 3%. Um, I think that would
be a a normal depending on your tracking
error, but basically that's the way I
would look at in terms of broadening uh
your exposure to uh different asset
classes.
>> I mean, speaking of and I was hoping to
take a step back, that's a good point
you made on despite the fact despite the
year that gold has had, everyone has
told us it's still not a structural
play, it's still a tactical trade. Did
you did you guys need to re did you guys
talk about that this year? Was there a
need to revisit that assumption that
gold has gone beyond? Because it that
seems to be a structural story on gold,
but it's not yet a structural allocation
for investors. If you just square that
circle for us. [sighs]
>> Well, I think the biggest challenge is
still that gold obviously does not have
any yield on the table. So, when you
make your 15-year capital markets
assumption, it just can't perform as
much as you would like. also versus the
volatility of the let's say 10 to to
20%. So I think that's a more structural
problem that gold has. Uh I think we
need to when we think about gold, gold
has two hearts. Did you know that? Two
hearts. It can be a currency and I think
that's what it trades right now. And in
that world we can really even trade
higher as we think about 4,500. But if
suddenly investment demand would shy
away for whatever reason and we have
seen that in 2013 well things fall quite
rapidly then it'll look been looked at
as a commodity and I think that drawback
is for a lot of asset allocation people
a little bit of a a concern you know
what I mean so if if that investment
demand suddenly goes away think about
the central banks I mean close to a
thousand ton if we go back to the run
rates we had before 500 plus who's going
to fill that do you think investment
demand is going to do that probably not
jewelry not going to do it
>> flow is definitely not
>> not exactly. So I think then you find
yourself suddenly materially lower and
we have seen that in the past and then
repeated all over again. So I think
these are some of the factors that uh I
think as allocators still struggle to
say hey there needs to be a big
allocation. I would say um we have it
tactically and I think served as well on
the other side if you have an affinity
for real asset and you take history a
little bit into consideration starting
point could be a 5%. H and then
depending on your portfolio how it looks
like obviously you want to see increases
or decrease it also depends which
reference currency you have. If you're a
Swissy person which is already a safe
haven the value of gold is reduced
versus an Aussie or somebody in emerging
market there's a greater added value.
>> You just sort of I guess hinted at some
of the risks even though you are as you
said still expecting growth to pick up
in the second half of next year. What's
the the the issues though you see to
that sort of thesis?
So first of all the economy is better
today than we thought. So if if you
would have asked me uh six months ago or
basically after um April um first I
would say okay we find ourselves in a in
a lower growth environment. I think some
of this issue may be not solved post
postponed so they might challenge us
still in the first half of next year. Uh
on the tariff side I think we need to
take this into consideration. Number
one. Number two, we should not
underestimate that actually real wage
growth is decelerating. Look at the
latest European data. I think it was
somewhere sub 2%. That means real wage
growth is negative.
>> And and I think even in the US, real
wage growth is going to come down. So if
that is the case, obviously the bulk of
our activity is all about consumption.
That's going to slow. So maybe we
underestimate that effect on the economy
next year. On the other side, we do have
a powerful investment theme which is AI
which is keeps powering on. But this
engine is very I would say you know in a
very narrow segment it's not
broad-based. Maybe what we need is more
rate cut and if that comes in then we do
have a little bit of a broader story. So
the Fed put is here and I think other
central bank can still cut them believe
it or not. Yeah.
>> Right Dominic thanks for joining us this
morning. That was Dominique Schneita
there, head of global commodities and
forex at UBS, global wealth management
CIO. And leaving you here with a look.
Uh we are just about an hour into the
session so far and you're seeing stocks
that are moving to the upside, but tech
is very much the theme so far today. So
we'll have more ahead. This is Bloomberg
Bloomberg.
Quick check on markets this morning and
it's very much a techled story today.
We're seeing TSMC for [music] instance
climbing 2.5%. But we have seen again a
lot of enthusiasm around this sector
[music] in the US overnight including an
after hours trade because we saw Alibaba
or Alphabet rather gaining after the
information reported that Meta may be
spending or in talks to to [music]
purchase its TPU chips. We'll get more
details on that market story ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo this morning.
Japanese markets just about to [music]
go into their lunch break. A lot of the
focus, of course, has been on this phone
call between the leaders of the US and
Japan just in the last few [music]
minutes. And we'll get more on that in
just a moment. But in terms of the
market story today, it's still that that
two theme one. It's around the Fed and
this expectation that we will get a cut
come December. But then adding to that
as well as optimism around the tech
story which isn't actually flowing
across to every single stock because I
think if there's one that you point to
this morning, it's it's SoftBank. Uh not
for the right reasons, but that the the
stock is sliding today. And look, you
can sort of I guess maybe draw some or
inference I guess or infer exactly what
is behind that, but SoftBank we know is
is is sort of an open AI play. They're
heavily involved in project Stargate in
the US. They've been investing in that
company directly as well. It's one of
their biggest private uh privately held
businesses in their vision fund
portfolio. And the concern is what you
got late trade today which was the gains
that we saw in Alphabet. uh they're
looking possibly to to ink up with Meta
on a deal to sell their TPUs. So to sort
of try and reduce that reliance on the
Nvidia story is that again having a
bearing on what we see for SoftBank
because of course it's very much the
standout uh to the downside but for the
tech theme today
>> you know where the name SoftBank came
from.
>> Oo tell me.
>> So I remember was it 2016? So remember
there was a one of the stocks it is Soft
Bank Corp and Soft Bank Telco and they
branched out and they listed the other
ones. I went to Tokyo to cover this.
>> So it's it's it's
a bank for software.
>> So that's that's how it started. That's
it. So people used to go to the company
to be able to purchase and have access
to software. So it's called Soft Bank.
Do you know where Samsung came from?
>> No.
>> It means three stars in Korean.
>> And what what's I mean we think about
five stars. Why three?
>> I'm not Korean. I don't know. [laughter]
>> I don't know.
>> I feel like that's a factoid and a half
we just got.
>> Yeah. There we [laughter] go.
>> But I love those both of those.
>> Yeah, we will. No, we'll keep you
hanging on on the three to five there.
Okay. Uh let let's talk about this phone
call. Well, the the two the two phone
calls. So, we had one overnight uh
between Chinese President Xi Jinping, US
President Donald Trump. In the last 30
minutes or so, we have more information
now on another phone call between the
Japanese Prime Minister Sai Takahuchi
and President Trump. Um, uh, Takahi
mentioned that Trump briefed her about
that call that he had with Chinese
President Xi Jinping. Uh, let's bring in
our, uh, economics and government
reporter, Yoshiaki Nohara in Tokyo for
us. Uh, Yoshiaki, thank thank you for
joining us in fairly last minute. Yeah,
we needed to get your thoughts on this
and just the details on this. Is it how
how significant is it that it appears
based on the comments from the Japanese
side that it was the White House that
initiated
uh that asked to have this phone call
take place today.
So it's a good sign that uh if it's you
know indeed was initiated by the white
house because the worst thing for Japan
is that you know it will be left behind
in terms of what's happening in terms of
communication between the US and China
but at least the Takahi got a phone call
from Trump. So that's a good sign. It at
least showing that she definitely got
the attention and probably support from
the Trump administration over this
important evolving issue. So that is a
good sign for Japanese government.
>> Then how does it also bolster the the
Japan team that's also
>> trying to to work through this issue for
the last several weeks now but with
China over over Taiwan.
Right. So the Japanese side has been
play pretty much playing the usual uh
playbook meaning that it does not it's
not engaging in the for sort of a tit
for chat tit for tat the retaliation
measures. I'm just trying to let you
know the situation calm down by giving
it some space and time and um you know
this this morning's call it didn't have
much details in terms of what was
discussed exactly but the important
point is that it has tension and support
from the Trump administration and that
is in working in favor of Japan because
it does need the US support try to
navigate this situation not just by
itself but with its to allies.
>> Yoshiaki, what's the latest on the
ground? How is the
how is how is the story being received
this week there? I just want to get
sense of how that's evolved from a
perception standpoint in in Japan
domestically.
>> Well, that's a really good question,
David. You know, one thing that I found
it interesting was that how the public
opinion polls have been supporting
um majority of them supporting Taki's
comments about Taiwan uh which was a
kind of surprise that uh to me given the
past history of the uh and past federal
constitution here. So meaning that she's
not losing any you know support from the
public by speaking her um taking her
stand on the Taiwan sensitive topic but
at the same time she understands that
you know she has to manage the situation
that so that it doesn't escalate and
blow up in terms of giving damage to the
economic side of this bilateral
relationship. But so far the public
seems to be understanding why she said
those things and also not panicking
about you know a lot of retaliations
from the China so far because it's not
really you know if you look at details
of these you know measures taken by
China they're not hardbreaks on the
economic activities it's more of a
warning and slowdown of the economic
ties at this point.
Yoshaki, thanks for for joining us as
Dave said really as this story continues
to develop this morning. That's our
Bloomberg economics and government
reporter Yoshaki Nahara there in Tokyo.
And coming up, we'll shift ahead to what
is going to be a big market driver. It's
Alibaba's earnings, of course, grappling
[music] with a price war in the food
delivery space, but also looking at
progress in its AI services. [music] So,
can that actually continue to drive uh
earnings potential? But our team from
Bloomberg [music] Intelligence is
joining us next. This is Bloomberg.
We're taking a look at Alibaba shares
this morning. So, we are climbing here
for a second straight session. It is the
big countdown to the numbers that are
due out pre-market in the US. But taking
a look as well here, you can see on the
right hand side what we're expecting in
terms of the share price move. And it
could be quite a big swing. Maybe not as
quite as high as what we see on
historical average, but still a move of
6% in either direction. The big focus is
definitely going to be coming down to
what we see in terms of the cloud
revenue growth. And many on the street
are optimistic,
not everyone. So, we'll get more with
our team from Bloomberg Intelligence
with us now. So, you've got Robert Lee
joining us here in Hong Kong in the
studio, but also Katherine Lim who's in
Beijing today, but Robert, I think we
can start with you because that that big
focus is going to be on the cloud side
and and notably Bloomberg Intelligence
is a little bit more sanguin on the
outlook for this, I would say.
>> Yeah, sanguin's a nice way to put it. I
would say realistic, but again, you
don't need to believe me. go to the
terminal on MODL and you can see the
numbers that are expected on Alibaba's
cloud business. So I think as maybe I've
mentioned before their capex has
increased in round terms from around 3
to4 billion a couple of years ago in US
dollars up to 15 to 16 billion uh this
year and next financial year. So that's
a substantial hike in capex. So you
might ask what sort of return do we
expect? So their cloud business is gonna
generate around 2.5 billion profit in
the coming year. That's an increase of
only 600 million US dollars.
>> So the return on investment is not
particularly high. And the second thing
is it's really depressing their free
cash flow generation which has gone from
over $20 billion a year uh to around
again with some rounding around $3
billion this year. So it's depressing
depressing free cash flow and it's not
really generating a substantial
incremental return or return on
investment. These are hard numbers on
the terminal. So I don't think it's up
for debate.
>> Uh and markets tend to to be
shortsighted, right? I mean the that's
the I guess the the downside of being a
public company. You're you're judged on
a quarter and quarter basis, sometimes
semi- half year, but these are longer
term trends that arguably you know the
company's investing in. Have we just not
waited enough
>> well
>> for the numbers on the terminal to turn?
>> Yes. I think if you are a long-term bull
on Alibaba, then you know the company is
gunning for AGI, which is artificial
general intelligence, a level of AI that
that has a human like level of
intelligence. But I think if you look at
the academic literature, if you even
listen to I can, you know, name at least
two Nobel Prize winners including Sir
Roger Penrose. They don't think AGI is
achievable on the current generation of
models. So we need a significant
technological breakthrough which may or
may not happen. So this massive capex
splurge that Alibaba is putting through
at the moment is trying to achieve AGI
yet the weight of academic opinion says
that won't be achievable. So again
you've got this issue at the moment
where they're spending heavily on capex.
It's depressing free cash flow. There is
some incremental revenue coming through
and you know just to give a balance view
I think that um cloud revenue numbers
are really going to catch the headlines
tonight. The growth is going to be high
20s and maybe even low30s. So that's
good. But I said the incremental profit
is not really coming through and and and
you've got this massive drain on uh on
free cash flow.
>> Yeah. And Katherine, I'll bring you in
here because, you know, undisputably,
what else is draining the cash flow or
free cash flow is is the spending that
we see in terms of the the e-commerce
wars for for food delivery, quick
commerce as well. What sort of bearing
do you think that will have on on the
bottom line?
>> Right. Um do you know you're right,
Annabelle. Um the company is investing
and this is the phase that Alibaba is in
right now and they have been upfront
about it. They are looking to actually
create the foundation for the longer
term growth and this is coming through
for their commerce business right now
because right now we're talking about
not just e-commerce but as well as the
quick commerce to which um you will see
that coming through in the form of
stronger revenue growth for their China
e-commerce group and this is a new group
that a company has actually created
together and that is probably also going
to get the comp the market excited that
you know they are um able to actually
grab some market share game. But the
caveat really here is that they have
thrown in a lot of subsidies. We have
seen that and that came through in over
the singles day festival as well. So the
big question right here really is that
you know how long will all of these
subsidies last and will it continue in
2026?
I'm I'm interested as well in the way
that you're thinking about AI because I
mean as Robert was saying they've got
this huge spend on on AI and you're not
really seeing it back in terms of the
ROI yet. But in the last hour we were
speaking with Luz Ding who's who's from
the Bloomberg team reporting team but
but talking about how AI is being
increasingly integrated across the
different e-commerce divisions in
Alibaba and instead of asking people to
maybe pay a subscription for Qen, you
might be able to see better returns in
in other parts of the business. I mean
how close are you watching that?
>> Right. um you know in terms of the
returns from the investment itself some
of it is actually back end so we
wouldn't be able to actually see it that
quickly and one of the key thing to
actually take note on is that you know
there's a lot of algorithms that's
actually happening and they actually
pushing for instance you know more
products to consumers you know let's not
forget a map is also a very powerful app
that has actually integrated you know
the technology that Alibaba has actually
pulled pulled together to try and now
give recommendations on top of the big
location um services that the company
has actually surpassed by two um for a
while right now you know um when it
comes to that. So all of this in what is
it going to really do is that it's going
to make users just more loyal, more
sticky to Alibaba app and really that is
a big plus. Um question of course is are
they able to actually monetize better
some of these services and stickiness
itself. I think time will really tell
right here and again I will stress that
Alibaba has emphasized on many occasions
that they are in the investment phase
and I think it is the duration right now
that I am looking out for tonight when
they actually reports
>> the the food delivery the new one from
JD.com Katherine u and obviously Alibaba
is reporting today mtoan is reporting
later this week any changes to that
specific part of those businesses for
those to because of what JD.com has
obviously thrown its hat in the ring
here.
>> Yeah, I think David, you know, with the
measures that we've actually seen coming
from JD.com, you know, I think it is a
clear sign that going into 2026, we're
going to see the competition still
staying quite intense for everyone. um
you know you're going to get new
services, new consumption scenarios as
we call it um you know within the
sectors itself to try and stimulate um
you know spending sentiment out there.
So you know competition isn't really
going to go away which is why you know
it is key that you know they get more of
that loyal customers. I'm quite sure
that you know the um 88 VIP members
which are the paid members you know
within the Alibaba system itself is
going to reach a record high when they
actually report um you know tonight and
also you know after the singles day as
well. So some of these things um you
know David it's really um the seeds that
they are planting for the longerterm
growth.
Robert, we can do a bit of a pivot now
just to the broader tech complex because
yes, we've seen a very strong session
overnight for tech stocks generally, but
one of the interesting moves was after
hours with Alphabet and this deal
possibly reporting from the information,
but maybe Meta's looking to use their
TPU chips and I think that speaks to a
broader theme. There's a lot of
companies out there, hyperscalers more
that are looking to decrease their
reliance on Nvidia. Does that become a
bigger theme do you think going into to
next year and and does it also test that
case of of the US uh leadership I guess
in this space as well?
>> Okay. Well um absolutely uh we're going
to see more of this into next year
because Nvidia simply put as a monopoly
at the moment. Um more by accident than
design you know had an approximate
10-year technological lead. It's been
investing for far longer than anybody
else and therefore it's got the market
to it it itself at the moment. You know,
it's been generating I think what
economists would term supernormal
profits. They're not sustainable at that
level in the long term. So that's
clearly going to attract competition or
alternative suppliers which is why
you're seeing the likes of Meta or even
Amazon or even here in a China context
bu and others are designing their own
chips given the scarcity of supply and
the fact that the market is solely
dominated by one player. So absolutely
you're going to see more of that into
next year. And in terms of the US versus
China I mean is it a war or isn't it? I
mean I guess a word that I've learned
over the last 18 months is bifocation.
these the China and the US are living in
increasingly separate worlds reflecting
the geopolitical backdrop that we live
in at the moment. So I think you know
Chinese tech uh is is somewhat separate
from the US. Um which is winning um does
it really matter or is that really
relevant? I think China's approach is on
a budget. It's a focus on lowcost
computationally efficient models and
really um as defined by the overriding
government strategy uh known as A+
they're looking to proliferate and push
deploy AI in a meaningful way on a short
short-term view across their economy as
a whole. So that stands to gain uh
efficiency savings and productivity
savings at a lower cost on a shorter
time frame than their US peers are
doing. So, it's a very very different
approach. Effectively, what I'm saying
is they're looking more at short-term
wins and they're doing it with smaller
models uh and spending a fraction of
what their US peers are uh in terms of
capex spending.
>> Does
I'm I'm cur because people talk about
this, you know, the the the
competition prism, right? Who's winning
the AI the AI war? I might not be old
enough to remember, but did anyone talk
about who was going to win the internet?
back back in the day or was it because
the US was primarily the predominant
tech? The reason I I just frame it that
way is you have two competing models
which looks to be they can coexist
unless they're used against each other
and that's a whole different cat of
worms. But to the point that you always
make that we haven't seen the Chinese
platforms monetize AI yet. Does a
cheaper model agnostic if they win or
lose the war against the US, the AI
battle against the US, does that help
them achieve monetization quicker?
>> I think if there was one dominant player
in China or the US that had some
sustainable competitive edge, you know,
it had some unique there was some unique
aspect to its technology, a very strong
barrier to entry. Um, absolutely. I
mean, that that's a classic internet
model. You basically give it away for
free. you build your user base, you
build market dominance and then you look
to monetize later. But the problem in
China and I think the US to to a greater
extent as well is all these companies
are employing the same strategy. The the
the big tech platforms are very catch so
they can keep going. There's no sort of
weak hands to fall by the wayside.
>> Um and I think as you've seen the
technical barriers to entry in AI are
extremely low. The prime example being
Deepseek, a 200 person outfit which can
seemingly come out of nowhere and
disrupt the entire market as it did in
January. So again, I'm not trivializing
AI, but on the software side, it's not
that difficult to do. There are more
than 500 large language models in China
at the moment with a relatively uh low
level of product differentiation. So if
you take all those factors into account,
it's very very difficult to to build a
sustainable competitive edge and
therefore very difficult to monetize.
It's no wonder the vast majority of
products in China are available for
free. So, we really need to see a
consolidation and a shakeout in the
industry to at least put it on
potentially on a more sustainable profit
footing. But then the last thing I'd
just add is where are the killer apps?
You know, uh where are the killer apps?
Where's AI is clearly proved itself as a
useful technology for driving cost and
efficiency savings, but I would argue
it's not really transformative. Now
maybe a graduate or someone at college
may disagree at the moment because they
seem to you know it's really useful for
their studies and everything else but I
think for the average person the average
business again I'm not denying it has
its uses but I really don't think it's
as transformative as some of as some of
the tech bros uh have argued you know
where's the cure for cancer I think it
might was Sam Alman who claimed that you
know um open AI's current monetization
approach is actually on the adult
entertainment industry you know I I I
think it's really failed to live up to a
lot of the hype and I use that term uh
deliberately. Um again it's a useful
productivity tool and efficiency tool
but it is incredibly expensive to build
out the infrastructure and it's also
very expensive to operate. So the
economics of AI don't from where I'm
sitting at the moment make a huge amount
of sense. Um again AI uh open AI is
going to generate uh 12 billion revenue
this year but based on our analysis
they're going to lose 40 to 50 billion.
So you know
>> it's it remains to be proven. I think
that's the most generous conclusion I
can give there.
>> Okay. Looks like uh we we pushed a
bottom there with Robert. Okay. Um
sounds like a podcast waiting to happen.
Robert, thank you so much. Fantastic. Uh
there was our team Robert Lee here in
Hong Kong. Katherine Lim uh in Beijing
for us. Uh subscribers can turn to your
terminal for upcoming coverage. The
results [music] coming through Alibaba.
Tiggo is the function you run for
context there going into the next couple
of hours or so. Check it out. This is
[music] the China show.
Right, welcome back. Just uh before we
go, our look at last look at these
[music] markets here. Uh we're doing
quite well across the benchmarks. Uh we
at one point though it did seem to be
losing momentum in the last let's call
it 30 minutes or so since [music] that
point in time we've tacked on these
gains. We're up 2% now on the hanging
tech index. So we're doing quite well.
Very quick look at the top gainers
underneath the hood. And yeah, you can
have a look at these big tech names here
on your screens there.
>> Yeah. Well, Xiaomi is really standing
out here, but it's also Alibaba.
Favorite is my favorite actually. Hang
on. You kind of You're not supposed to
do that. It's like having a favorite
kid.
>> Your favorite.
>> But uh yes, I do like that company.
Alibaba as well, another name that I
like to track. And of course, the
earnings, we just had a round table
there, but they're going to be very
closely tracked as well given we've got
those earnings coming up. BU I mean I
think there's just a general optimism
around [music] the tech space and
certainly quite a show as well catching
a bit today. But that's it from the
China show. We're going to have Insight
with H Linda Amin next. Stay with us.